Task 3:

Q1): What observations or questions do you have about what you’ve learned so far?
All of think is good but I need to know more about steps of create new project and upload it to GitHub and upload from GitHub to my local.
I'm confused of upload and download from GitHub and use Ubuntu

Q2): How long did it take you to complete this assignment? And, before you started, how long did you think it 
would take you to complete this assignment?
about 2.5 hours
and I think before to started 1 hours

Favicon:-

A favicon is a small image, so it should be a simple image with high contrast.
To add a favicon to your website, either save your favicon image to the root directory of your webserver,
or create a folder in the root directory called images, and save your favicon image in this folder.
A common name for a favicon image is "favicon.ico".
and must be use Favicon.cc ;Couse we need to convert the type of image to (ico)
this is the syntax:
<link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="/images/favicon.ico">

Inline and Block element :-

Inline Elements:
An inline element does not start on a new line.
An inline element only takes up as much width as necessary.
This is a <span> element inside a paragraph.

Block-level Elements:
A block-level element always starts on a new line,
and the browsers automatically add some space (a margin) before and after the element.
Two commonly used block elements are: <p> and <div>.


Task 4:

Q1) What observations or questions do you have about what you’ve learned so far?
every think is good, I don't have any observations or questions.
I'm so excited, and I need more.

Q2) How long did it take you to complete this assignment? And, before you started, how long did you think it would take you to complete this assignment?
I extrapolated an hour.
I thought an hour and half.

Task 5:

Q1) What observations or questions do you have about what you’ve learned so far?
actually i don't like CSS, I don't have any observations or questions,
because i need to practice it more

2)How long did it take you to complete this assignment? And, before you started, how long did you think it would take you to complete this assignment?
I extrapolated an hour and half.
I thought 3 hour and more.